remote load: check if input is directory (#7741)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-load.1.md

**podman image load** [*options*] [*name*[:*tag*]]

## DESCRIPTION

> **podman load** loads an image from either an **oci-archive** **docker-archive** stored on the local machine into container storage. **podman load** reads from stdin by default or a file if the **input** option is set.

Reviewer: Should it be `podman load` or `podman image load`?

```suggestion
**podman load** loads an image from either an **oci-archive** or a **docker-archive** stored on the local machine into container storage. **podman load** reads from stdin by default or a file if the **input** option is set.
```

You can also specify a name for the image if the archive does not contain a named reference, of if you want an additional name for the local image.

> The local client further supports loading an **oci-dir** and **docker-dir** as created with **podman save** (1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The local client further supports loading an **oci-dir** or a **docker-dir** as created with **podman save** (1).
```
